so this is the github page for Lotus
Jeff's client and Lotus has an API you
can talk to over HTTP the API is built
around JSON RPC this is the format that
goes over a wire when you're talking to
your Lotus minor nodes and miners and
you can program it and go potentially
any programming language but we're
making some libraries run on the
JavaScript script or in your web browser
or in no GS with JavaScript which
simplify talking to your Lotus Notes and
this is the github project for it
there's a little example code here and
then if you click down here this is I'm
it's really under construction but
there's a documentation section this
will turn into another site a little
description of the list of libraries I'm
gonna have some QuickStart guides and
I've also got not complete API
documentation yet but you can sort of
click through here and see all the
different methods you can call this is
the go documentation that have got in
here but will replace it with examples
that use the JavaScript library that I'm
working on so for this demo I've also
running a local net with Lotus and I'm
using the Lotus file coin implementation
and I'm using a project called test
crown which lets you run networks of
software and do testing and things
against it and I'm using it to run a
this is literally the code from like two
hours ago the tip of the tree of Lotus
which will be the next version of the
test net and to demonstrate the library
earlier this week we did a workshop
where I used this code code playground
called glitch and here's some source
code I'm just gonna go really quickly
but you can just click on show new
window
and here's the app I built it all the
source codes there and what it's done is
it's connected to this these six
following nodes I'm running and it picks
one at random and you can click here you
can see the chain so this is a developer
bill a debug build file Orion thinks a
block out every two seconds that's very
quick sealing which normally takes hours
only takes minutes because it only
allows you to soar store to thousand
bytes at a time you can see here here's
my my miners and they have power so
here's the demo so I'm going to open the
camera there's me you call something
else so I can tell take picture so what
it did is it just uploaded that picture
is shrink it to under two thousand bytes
and it just uploaded it to node number
four in my network it's sitting there I
want to actually store it on file quite
using Geils so I've got these little
buttons here I'm gonna store it on all
the the miners here and if I scroll down
you can see it's going through the
process of storing on file coin and you
can see when it finally gets to the
ceiling state this takes one this never
takes maybe four or five minutes so
we'll be able to complete it before the
end of the thing the thing but I can
look at some previous ones I've stored
so I can click on here I can see on node
number four Oh actually that's the ones
I just did I guess these are older and
so I can copy the cid and then I have a
retrieval client here so I can put the
cid in here find in download so it's
going to say o from mode number four i
distorted on this minor i click retrieve
and hey the demo gods are happy so this
is I stored previously I got Molly to
volunteer and
about ten minutes before she opened up a
web browser and she she stored her
selfie on the spot going network so if
this works I should be able to steer
achieve as JPEG I don't know the demo
gods are happy to eat now so hey there
this Molly so hey so if anybody wants
see if they can actually go to this this
this link here and then you go find a
chat
you can store your selfies and I don't
know how this code like I I only got
this written this morning but the actual
printed web print in and the loudest
thing I just pulled it the latest build
so it's really stabilizing it's good
stuff and yeah try it I
you can try to post the see IDs in the
chat but you can't copy on a slack so
there you don't want to type them by
hands anyways that's what I got so um
check out my library I'm working on and
we're gonna do put a lot of code
examples and show you how to build
things like this so thank you